very quickly you mentioned Thor mostly
so we can show this picture sure why
don't you be embarrassed
a lot of dieting but also apparently is
this true the people this is odd so
people come up to you and they want you
to tell a specific joke although just
come and tell me for a joke go do you
know the joke about the Thor spends a
night with this woman and the next
morning he says I have to tell you who I
am you know I'm Thor she says you're
Thor I can have the walk
[Applause]
what were you in prison Chris
[Laughter]
well they go to prison so we know it's
researching a film and we had to go in
and basically see what the inside of a
prison look like and speak with
prisoners who are willing to talk to us
and um and I walked in and I remember
thinking and I had but ponytail long
blonde hair and I had a hat on and the
wardens and the warden said you can't
wear your hat and so on and I said okay
no worries they're gonna Know Who I
am than Athan and then I get Thor and
here they're not gonna watch movies and
I'd never been to prison so assume that
and the moment I started walking through
the cells and it's like each block of
this thing and it's all just kind of it
you know sell upon sell and so on and I
just start getting heckled and it's like
your doors here man Thor's hammer man
like blend in and you know research and
just getting heckled left and right
about you know come spend some time in
my shell baby
you'll do anyway so that was uh it was
another research more just kind of
you've made the choice to bring your
children back to Australia yeah yeah so
with the all born in America and then
you brought them back ah no my daughter
was born here in London actually yep and
then the boys are born in America and we
moved back to Australia and now you've
posted pictures online and it basically
think was bringing your children back
there that wise like you pick that's
your house yeah that is that's yeah one
of the bedrooms here is it one of the
children's bedrooms occasionally yeah
since that snake lives there is that in
your house yeah yeah they better than
paparazzi though those animals okay
snake yeah you know that snake the the
what you don't say we'd had a couple of
drinks that night when we discovered
that snake in the bedroom and and we
lost and again what is it and someone's
like it's a brown snake which can kill
you you know very quickly someone's like
now it's a tree path and it's something
else is this and I just launched into
like action mode grabbed it by the tail
picked it up and if one starts freaking
out and it starts to kind of coil itself
back up toward me which is getting ready
to strike and I'm everything at what the
hell am i doing so I just kind of threw
this night back into the bedroom shut
the door we don't go in that bedroom
anymore
we have a little mobile with stars and
Suns on it there another addition to the
cast our good friend Chris Hemsworth I
think I've got a picture of Chris
Hemsworth it's I just at a certain point
I thought I have never rooted for
someone maybe to be just an unbelievable
jerk I just needed something to be wrong
with him and there was nothing for the
four of you it must be annoying because
you got to think we're very funny and
here's this hunk he's annoyingly funny
did you bring writers or something funny
like a guy that had to fight his way off
the playground his whole life and he had
to be funny so he didn't get his ass
kicked very strange and at one point he
started I don't know we were talking
about music we're playing something and
I said what song are you talking about
and he started singing and I did not
mean to but very it was deep and
guttural object you shut up
so he started to sound like a songbird
just be quiet I do always help people to
shut up but I was like hey can you sing
and he's a walking carrot too and I was
like something I'm gonna pretend you're
a terrible singer so I know you're human
I bet he doesn't even have boogers taste
like corn flakes crispy crispy like that
- too long now this is wrong you can't
put this long discussing someone on a
show we were sad when he left we he got
a cake it was a lot and he did get fat
as he was eating cake he got more
chiseled Tanner but weirdly I didn't
have any cake and when he wasn't even
his but I had gained like 6 miles
[Music]
you